Mother's Day is Sunday you don't want to
forget mom or she'll make you feel
guilty about it for the whole rest of
your life but a lot of you know people
have weird unrealistic views of their
mothers as if your mom is not human a
lot of people will operate under the
delusion that their mothers were never
young but the fact of the matter is moms
are just people your mother in
particular is a pervert you know who I'm
talking to right mothers do on motherly
things to prove it we went on at the
Hollywood Boulevard today we asked moms
to tell us on television one shocking
thing about them that their kids don't
know so here we go what's one shocking
thing about you that your kids don't
know oh let me think back in my youth I
painted a billboard okay now that's let
me just stop it right there because
that's we're gonna have to do better
than that ladies all right let's try
that again
what's one shocking thing about you that
your kids don't know that I like dough
[Applause]
motley that I want a hot legs contest
what hot legs contest well it could not
be shopping but I used to cut off all
the fingers and toes off my Barbies that
I have fake boobs
[Laughter]
maybe experimented with the same sex not
all the way just kisses things like that
like but what like being single so many
years and having so much fun fun fun
well there doesn't have to be but we
tell you like sailors motorcycle man
like yeah white-collar workers
blue-collar workers carpenters plumbers
what's one shocking thing about you that
your kids don't know my kids don't know
that I adopted them
[Applause]
Wow my kid doesn't know hmm
I mud wrestle naked when I was my high
school
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]